---
title: 'Birth choices'
date: 2008-10-14T20:58:00.000+11:00
draft: false
url: /2008/10/birth-choices.html
---

I had the wonderful privilege to attend a screening of orgasmic birth. I left the film feeling empowered and ready to open up a part of my life. With two very successful birth center births, no intervention, natural births it only feel natural to move this to another level, a home birth. It might be a bit strange to be talking, thinking and considering birth before I am even pregnant, but it feel like a journey that starts well before the conception of another child. Reflecting on the birth of Matilda and Felix the part I did not enjoy was getting into a car, thinking my contraction might slow down and stop and maybe needed to go home again. This did not happen either time- but the stress I felt did not have to occur either. In the case of Matilda we were at the hospital for 12 minutes before she was in my arms- I missed out on the opportunity to experience her moving down into my pelvis and virgina as I was concentrating on just getting to my room. I feel this rush to get there may have contributed to her outrageous crying for the first 20 minutes of life- it was all too fast for her. So now seeing a movie such as orgasmic birth, I feel that my options are really limited to birthing at home with my husband and children and all the things around me that make me relax. No car rides and no unnecessary intervention. It seem for once in my life I am doing my homework well before the final exam.