---
title: 'Reading'
date: 2012-06-27T12:41:00.001+10:00
draft: false
url: /2012/06/reading.html
---

An abstract skill is to read and I welcome an education system which allows my dreamy children to learn to read at their own pace. From time to time I will panic when I see the gap in reading ability between main stream schooled children and my children. Felix is 7 which is when children are reading ready! But in a world where they are expected to be reading how does a child adapt to not reading yet.... Two experiences of late have been of interest: Felix sings in the Children's choir where they are given the lyrics as well as music when learning a new song. To my astonishment Felix informed me that he can't read the lyrics but knows exactly where they are up too as he can read the music and says he just copies the words from those around him. No one has noticed his "no reading status".  
I tutor at a college which promotes academics for children from class 2. These are children who are generally a year ahead of their peers academically and will sit for scholarships and 40-50% of them will win one. I teach general ability math and science. They can all read very well and I was initially worried that Felix was so far behind. I will ask Felix from time to time some of the questions or activities I do with his peers in the college. So he can't read any of the questions and struggles to identify the specific (yes/no) answers which is a contrast to my students who fire off the answers with ease and certainty. But when a thinking question is raised there is the polar opposite situation. Felix can develop in depth responses and develop complicated ideas while my students are scared to open to a grey answer Felix can also apply this maths problems where complex ideas such as fractions are applied to different situations.  
So he will confess he can not read, which he defines as being able read the Hobbit or Lord Of The Rings, but my fears and concerns are minimized for he will learn when he needs to and is ready and in the meantime he has and continues developed amazing analytical and imaginative skills which will help him to academically succeed in the future.